underwater
colors seem more vivid
movements more fluid
in noticing in being present
these senses act as a gateway
to the world of joy
joy is ever present
even when the clouds of the thinking
mind obscure our view
joy is still within us
there's a lightness to joy a brightness
reflected in the natural world
there's a playful nature to joy
an innocence
a freedom it's often spontaneous
a fleeting expression
catching us by surprise
being immersed in the wonders of our
natural world
connecting with nature in a mindful way
we're reminded that we're not separate
from the world around us
the joy is inherent to our life
[Music]
[Applause]
you